hey everyone so I wanted to do the I
Matz tag because I'm going I meds coming
up here in a few days and I'm so excited
because I've always wanted to go to ims
ever since I heard of it and I haven't
been until now so I'm just going to go
ahead and jump into the questions so the
first one I have here is which I'm ads
are you attending and I'm going to the
one in Los Angeles here through I think
it was the 23rd and the 24th I'm going
up the day before and then we're going
to come back the day after so I'm really
excited about it and yeah I've never
been to California before either so I've
been hearing light through my friends
that live there are people that have
lived there or visited they're telling
me exactly like where to go and we're
their favorite place to start and I'm
bringing my husband with me so hopefully
you guys will see him in nvidia the next
question is have you ever been to ims
before nope I have not and how are you
getting there me and my husband are
actually flying so I'm really excited
for that next one is is there anything
else in imax host city that you want to
see i I'm excited to see everything
really again I've never been to
California so where I know we're going
to do a little city hopping and stuff
like that in a few days that we're gonna
be there but yeah I'm just kind of
excited to see everything i'm ready to
lake soak it all in because again i've
never been to California I've always
wanted to go so this is like the the
dream trip right here ok the next
question is what days will you be in the
city that I'm s is in and to be honest
I'm not really quite sure um I know
we'll be in pasadena the night before
and also the day of i'm ads but I know
also now we're going to be kind of going
around on other areas in other cities on
there so I'm not really sure I know the
day before and the day of but um yeah
and the next question is who do you want
to meet there and honestly I'm open to
meet everyone I can't I know that the
company that I'm partnered with
stylehaul they're gonna have a meetup
and I'm excited to meet all the other
people that are partnered with stylehaul
so I'm very excited to meet other
youtubers other behaviors and I'm also
excited to meet like a couple other
people like I don't know I don't even
know like i know there's gonna be so
many makeup artist there and stuff like
that so just some people that I really
look up to I think it'd be cool to meet
like Rick Baker which I don't think what
happen at all I don't think that would
happen but if I like caught him in the
elevator or something that would be so
sweet and I'd probably be like dude you
rock give him a tent and then probably
walk off and he'd probably think I was
really weird but yeah I'm in like a huge
fan of work babe Rick Baker's work yeah
what company what companies exhibits are
you most excited to see oh man I'm
excited to see I don't know I again I've
never been to an I'm at so I know my
mind is going to just blow the second
yeah my mind is going to explode the
second I walk through the doors i'm just
going to go insane looking at all the
models and everything i am just going to
probably flip out i'm going to be the
kid that is spazzing out in the exhibit
area so yeah that'll be me with my video
camera um but yeah i am just excited to
see it all like i really am and I've
never purchased a mac product at if you
guys have seen my videos like the last
like I don't know if you guys have been
following my videos ever since I started
even you will know that i do not own a
single mac product like in my makeup
collection i do not own a single mac
urban decay like there's several
high-end brands i do not own anything
from like I have so much drugstore
makeup it's ridiculous I could have my
own drug store store in my bedroom like
I really could but I'm really excited
because i think i'm going to purchase my
first mac product or my first urban
decay or both I don't know but yeah I'm
really excited for those two I'm also
really excited for the NYX face awards
so I'm excited to see the NYX Cosmetics
area also so yeah again I cannot wait
for that competition to um kind of come
to an end just because I'm so excited to
see who the winner is going to be I have
been pumped for that contest ever since
I heard about it so I'm really excited
for the people that are participating in
that contest alright the next question
is what products are you looking for and
again I kind of just answered that I'm
kind of looking for Mac I'm really
curious to purchase my first mac product
I probably to make a video right after
it when I get back from California i'm
probably to make a video that's like my
first mac product if you guys want to
see that i think i'd be hysterical I
think that'd be pretty fun alright the
next question is how much do you plan to
spend so I'm really not looking to spend
very much um
you know you always say that and then
you go and you just blow all your money
I really don't want to spend so much
because I am good at kind of looking for
certain products that I actually want
and I have already saved for i'm just
getting those but i'm really not sure i
really have no idea again I've never
been to an imax so i don't know how much
the discount is but yeah i'm just really
excited and the last question is what do
you want to get out of I mats and again
I don't know everything that I've just
talked about like I know I'm going to go
stay with a few friends me and my
husband gonna stay with a few friends
and i know i'm excited to meet everyone
and if you guys are going to be there
let me know because i would be so
excited to meet you guys like I'm just
excited for the whole experience like
everything like just going to California
blows my mind like I don't know I've
been looking forward to this for a while
and I'm so excited that it's finally
come because last year I said to myself
I was like you know what I'm gonna make
an effort to go to I mats and I want to
go the one in Los Angeles and then when
I heard Rick Baker was going to be
speaking at the one in Los Angeles that
just freaked me out even more because I
was like this is perfect like I have to
go I'm actually going to the event on
sunday so yeah I'm going to miss out on
saturday but i'm going to go on sunday
because that's when Rick Baker is going
to be speaking so and if you guys don't
know who rick baker is i'm going to go
ahead and put like a link to like a
biography or something but basically any
special effects makeup that you've ever
seen in any music video or any movie or
TV show or anything he's probably done
so i really look up to that guy because
i love special effect makeup like that's
my favorite makeup ever special effects
makeup and he is like the god of
special-effects makeup so I'm really
excited about that but yeah I guess
that's all the questions I have for this
video and if you guys are going to ms
and you want to do a video like this
I'll leave a video response and I tagged
all of you guys of course um so yeah I'm
really excited to see you guys as videos
and I'll see you guys next time bye